KING MOB ECHO

 

LETTER FROM CHICAGO

(Excerpts...) | wrote a leaflet in honour of Barry Bondhus a Minnesota youth who took 2 buckets
of shit into his draft board office and dumped them into 6 file drawers. | hope to pass these out
at Dick Clark’s World Fair of Youth being held for 10 days at the Amphitheatre and which will
present 10 r’n’r groups, mod clothes exhibits, youth culture generally — it is being billed
throughout the Midwest, a real blowout! But very conservative — several of us plan to change
that. We still get suburban kids in to talk and | am beginning to come up with nice variations on
disruptive activity that they can pull off. What generates me at present is the altogether
exquisite future that | see... wait till you get back; the climate is changing here at a surprising
rate; the acceleration is simply fantastic. Everybody is flipping out. Another thing | am working
on is a ball for May probably outdoors, maybe at the Tap Root after we get chased off open lots,
with several rock bands, blues, etc. Several anarchists are interested but | may have to do all
the work. ecch? There is a group here from the western suburbs called the Shadows of Night.
Have they been heard of in England? Bruce Elwell is hoping to start a Theatre of Provocation
in Philie... What | am DOING is getting high and higher one little realisation, that | have one task
alone and that is to bring out the most delicate outrage in myself. Explode the hair follicles
whee... | can think of only lovely destructive stuff, like painting ourselves blue and walking on
water. These scandals... must be spontaneous. I’Il talk to you when you’re both back in this land
of the brave and home of the free, or is it the other way around, | never could get it straight...
May day... I’ll send you a letter from prison. BERNARD MARSZALEK

SOLIDARITY

The only radical libertarian bookshop in the US, run by members of the Industrial Workers of
the World for the purpose of disseminating revolutionary literature to the widest possible
readership. The following list is a brief selection of available material. SOLIDARITY BOOKSHOP
Annotated Catalogue of Radical Books In Print. 53 pages; sections on anarchism, socialism,
surrealism, etc. 50c 3/6d. ‘Mods, Rockers & The Revolution’ (‘Rebel Worker’ pamphlet #1)
Collection of articles on the youth revolt. 15c 6d. ‘Blackout!’ by Robert S. Calese (‘Rebel Worker’
pamphlet #2) 24 hours of BLACK ANARCHY in New York. 15c 6d. ‘Revolutionary
Consciousness’ (‘Rebel Worker’ pamphlet #3) Collection of articles aimed at collective
consciousness expansion by Jim Evrard, Bruce Elwell, G. Bachelard (Forthcoming: to be
published June 1966) 15c 6d. ‘Surrealism & Revolution’ (‘Rebel Worker’ pamphlet #4) Anthology
of surrealist writing (ready July 1966) 35c 1/9d. ‘Sabotage Anthology’ (‘Rebel Worker’ pamphlet
#5) The only anthology of articles on sabotage, including classics of the past and articles by
younger revolutionaries in and out of the IWW today (ready August 1966) 50c 3/6d. IWW
PUBLICATIONS ‘IWW Songs: To Fan the Flames of Discontent’— The famous Little Red Song
Book of the rebel band of labour; songs by Joe Hill, T-Bone Slim and others. 40 3/-. ‘The |IWW:
Its First 50 Years’ by Fred Thompson. Summary of Wobbly history. Paperback $2 16/- Cloth $3
24/-. BOOKS AND PAMPHLETS OF OTHER PUBLISHERS ‘Hungary 56’ by Andy Anderson
(Solidarity) The first proletarian revolution in a modern, fully-industrialised, bureaucratic
country. 75c 2/6d. ‘Vietnam’ (Solidarity) Background outline of the current crisis. ‘The only
solution is world revolution.’ 15c 6d. ‘Eros and Civilisation’ by Herbert Marcuse. Revolutionary
implications of psychoanalysis paper $1.25 10/-. Nadja’ by Andre Breton. One of the greatest
surrealist works (English translation) $1.95 16/-. ‘KCC Versus the Homeless: The King Hill
Campaign’ (Solidarity & Socialist Action) 44p. illustrated. The epic struggle of the homeless of
King Hill, providing a blueprint for future struggles against bureaucracies in local government.
30c 1/6d. add 4% sales tax & postage. SOLIDARITY BOOKSHOP, 1947 N. Larrabee, Chicago, Ill.
60614. Everyone who wants to put out further issues of THE REBEL WORKER in England
should write to Charles Radcliffe, 13 Redcliffe Road, London SW10.